Auntie, what are you doing?
Shut up and starve you
It's my royal family
How can meeting for a second be more important than the future of my Wang family?
My royal family supports you and your brother
You and your brother can't afford to lose your life
You touch my sister and I will kill you
Father Yang, what are you doing?
I turned it over, I'm kind and ugly, Yanyao
I didn't expect them to be so vicious
I think you're going to kill my wife
You are simply not human
No, sister-in-law, listen to my explanation.
And so forth.
Dedicate you bastard
What exactly do you want to do?
What are you doing? I should ask you this
For one's own selfish desires
Report greedy duty dog
If it weren't for Liu Shao telling us the truth
Those of us are still in the dark about you
I kindly asked Liu Shao to come and help save your sister's illness
But what about you? My mother raised you for three years
Where did you get the face to hit him?
I'm still thinking about your siblings
If you don't care about the loss of Liu Shang, please come to Dean Liu
Abbot surgery
You really let me down this year
I told you.
You don't deserve to worry about our siblings
My sister's illness will also cure your sister's illness
Look at the whole dragon
Except me.
Only with the action of the Night God can the danger be solved
Who is it?
Rely on you internet beggar
Or did you bring these two halves to the ground?
Rotten garlic
What about you?
The old man has only lived to be 8,000 years old
Young and straight humming
Ye Yan, you don't really think he can save your sister, do you?
Do you know who he is?
Tiger hacking
Qing Moral Tianzun
Hahahaha
Hahahahahahaha
Hahahahahaha
Hahaha
Ah!
Kneel down and get through Lao Tzu's crotch
I might even be merciful
Just your life
Don't embarrass me, it's scary
I'm not.
Yaoyao, what's wrong with you?
Yaoyao Yaoyao online
Don't rush here
Life-saving modern